so polite so polite of it all right
where are
we while that's happening let me kill
you
well that was an adventure thank
you rip
VOD that was so friendly
I've unpluged my Siri
thing okay give me a
second luckily what Siri has Isn't
entirely accurate
but still no good
um okay no there's data tell me don't
tell me this oh it's a different
one like
stream yeah I mean I really should do
that I'm just lazy as
hell it was a half docks
and yeah I'm a poor Robinson
fan there's no way I couldn't be a PO
Robinson fan I've remixed two of his
songs you can find them on my
channel they're not on like Spotify or
anything cuz just
copyright I would a porter himself to
tell me it's okay cuz they're
remixes okay this is here this is here
this is here is everything working and
is the screen not upside down screen is
not upside
down the timing is fine to me I was just
on band camp looking at cults
what violets not cult
okay just perusing the Colts
today
okay I'm just wait for everyone to get
back here
are we at 24 viewers or is that
like cuz we were at like 50 viewers
before I
restarted where's my [__] thing
did I close that
tab 32
okay yeah that's fine as long as it's
not 100
okay everything going to be normal
now chickens please get out of my way I
don't want to run over you and get the
people mad at me
[Music]
yeah oh [__]
I don't care about that
[Music]
Mister
yeah yeah
I don't remember where I was going to
here in specific was I doing
something I guess I was just going to go
get
[__] and then also progress North easy
easy
work work work little whiskey in between
that's the world I'm used to what
Britney spe
welcome sir welcome first Ty the banjo
on the wall there is not for sale it's
just where I keep
it oh sure I'll make a lucky we piece
for
you oh wait these dece
something oh I see right then let's have
a we
look I did not even realize I could have
bought these whole
game high roller
revolver now that's a fine Choice there
doggy hands around his ankle
that didn't really have the things I was
looking for though what is what is with
these
though is that particularly better than
anything else I have no
idea drink so D much
come on Bertram
please morning Miss no beram say no oh
that's nice that's very nice friends for
life we head and now the two of you have
betrayed me at once do you know what
betrayal means
Bertram everything okay imagine saving
people taking them to your breast and
metaphorically I mean like a mother
caring and raising them and then they go
and stab you in the back have you ever
betrayed a close friend I hope not
treachery and these are sad low
unlovable people and I made them Stars
dreamers entertainers and they oh no now
family is not enough no no he's gone off
alone my little tiny magician has gone
and stab his mom on the
back oh [__] he no
B BR put the nice man down do something
he'll eat him um uh easy
there easy there
Sher time easy big
guy
get Mis I thought you was going to deal
with
this mean man what he needs is a good
sleep
that's his money
ouchie no
fair why are we doing this there's no
putting this off give them away you
ain't much of a fatter H hey well you're
nauy slug him bertr who's talking now
huh come here
[Music]
Bertram oh yes Margery here no one's
going to hurt you ever again Mama you
should keep that thing in a cage you
should think about who you serving give
me B don't worry we'll pay for what we
broke come here berum oh no one looks
after you like Mama does no one cares
for you like I do especially not that
magnifico H but he's my friend yes well
if he were your friend he'd be here
wouldn't he he wouldn't have abandoned
us oh you wouldn't have gotten that one
whoopsy would you whoopsy heart I know
mama's going to make it all better but
first you got to tell me where that
little worm ran off to H what's
happening beram promise yes well
magnifico made a promise too huh he made
more than a promise he made a contract
and he broke it so you just tell me
exactly where he is and then we will all
be even that's my boy he's camping in
the woods why didn't you tell me in the
first place you just a apologize to
these men I'm
sorry I'm
sorry you gave me a whoopsie hey you
just stay away from that Sherry now you
hear work from like Sherry oh don't you
get him started thank you for all of
your help Mr stranger if you see that
slippery little fella sleeping rough out
there would you just make a little
Racket and then we'll come along and
we'll find you I could try oh his name
is
magnifo you'll know him when you see him
come along
Bertram what the hell is all that
[Music]
about good
morning it will be clearer later will it
[Music]
Parker now it says I have like 50% of
the game left to go
but I don't know how true that is
guess we're going wherever the [__] this
is
[Music]
there we
go is the station not used
anymore easy
W this place does have a close proximity
to
sand in
[Music]
a I guess I'll settle down one of these
days
[Music]
y
that certainly is a place this is really
pretty this whole area feels
very Oregon coded
but also wouldn't make sense because
it's
organs oh no it would make
sense but it's just the wrong side of
the country physically on the map
show up now
[Music]
wait the
mines my
boy what what's the matter with you
nothing just riding my horse you need to
leave me pleas listen to me listen to me
sir Madam gather around gather
around I make no bones for my Testament
for my Testament is science and science
is God Ser so help me God so strike me
down we are killing ourselves
unbelievable killing ourselves fast and
hard and
nasty laugh you me sir the world is in
balance and the balance is
off I know it sounds crazy but look
around you look around and L
we hello
there read this book it is the future of
American
Science thank you
scoff laugh not deride not I speak the
truth we are killing this land killing
it with greed killing it with science I
am a Scientist the land will boil the
sea will dry up the world will heat
crops shall wither then the river shall
turn to Fire and this will not be some
Eternal damnation from above this is the
very manifestation of our greed this is
a land founded on Greed not on science
not on truth but on
Greed we must
think not merely
desire where
science will save it not Gods Not dreams
but knowledge knowledge is the only hope
and knowledge starts with the
eyes you don't need too many eyes to see
that we are doomed unless we change our
ways we are throttling the very life
from this place hold on yeah
my is the stream not working
is the stream up right now I can't even
tell okay what the [__] is up with OBS
all day long
it still says it's not receiving
anything great stream
today it says YouTube is not receiving
said why why why I I don't
know says YouTube is not receiving any
information right now on my end but
everyone says it's fine I'll Trust okay
now it's now it's fine
see any what this is like anti for me
too anti- industrialist science
scientist black the Earth bubbles the
sky is
gray this is just someone's house wow
that was just
crazy what happened to this place
hello 3 to8
stream
hey
hello
hello well look good
is you I'm looking for slim Grant State
Marshall heard you boys nowhere to find
him oh Mr Marshall was here last week I
think he headed up to Beaver holla
looking for some Outlaws is he coming
back sure when he catches them fellas
he's been after well how long's he been
gone
well a couple of days what you ain't
going to go look for him if your boss's
boss who you all hated went missing
possibly dead at the hands of a bunch of
violent wanted men would you go looking
for him well yeah probably cuz I'm a
Fool well when he's dead maybe I'll
become Marshall I'll be a hero riding a
horse from town to town Mister think of
that good luck with those dreams
hey
[Music]
part thanks for the help
Kermit hello sir
[Music]
there
boy yeah
[Music]
easy boy
yep whoa he
[Music]
how do you do
but your
[Music]
they seen
you you made short work of them you must
be slim Grant State Marshall slim Grant
okay let's get you out of here
yes indeed
son I need a favor Mr Grant it's nothing
big I'll explain on the way you might as
well relax this is real peculiar I'm
State Marshall you know yeah I know just
sit tight all will be
revealed now you going to tell me what
the hell is going on here I was before
you got so short with
me son what the hell are you up to I'm
taking you to see an old friend of yours
it's a reunion sort will you stop being
so damn cryptic I'm telling you all I
can it's a job someone wants to see you
taking you to them what if I don't want
to see them well that's a good argument
for keeping that rope around your
wrs I'm a state Marshall and this is an
abduction hor [__] I'm saving you this
is just a little detour on the way to
Liberty I will prosecute you for this
you ins supporting it bastard there you
go again Mr Grant ain't doing yourself
no favors what's your name son I ain't
got no name and I ain't your son sit
tight take you to your friend and this
will all be over oh not for you it won't
be this is it down here it's almost over
Marshall Grant State Marshall Grant yeah
yeah so you got him
I think so did you kill his cousin back
in ' 82 whose cousin my cousin I never
shot no one didn't deserve it you shot
Jed Callaway and I told you then I'd
shoot you too and I would have you'd
shown up I was there no you weren't you
left hwn you take that back but I don't
care now it's n on 20 years ago we're
old men we're lucky fight me
you're an old man come on fight me it's
a bit late isn't it God damn
[Music]
you that's all it takes
well that it of that then
shut shut godamn F when these things
happen God damn you godamn both of you
and now calm down down who cares you
should have shot him 20 years ago he's
dead now you are a sickness scum like
you and you play come on draw why pass
that draw godamn it no
[Music]
yes
[__] [__] and indeed still at least now
you got a an ending to your book He's
dead a don't you start now no I'm not
starting
I'm I'm happy I'm free I could finally
go back to writing westerns instead of
being in one he was pretty wild and I
know some wild people he was certainly
complicated I'm sorry I shot him no and
you didn't shoot him he did in the back
after he mortally wounded slim Grant
fair and square yes that's it last of
the
Gunslingers well more or less I guess
there's more oh there's always folk who
shoot you in the back and and rde
history oh hey where do I send the money
send it to tassi this kill G no that
ain't my real
name that random camera
shot where is this
H it's nice
f
the waterfall that summons a storm
get up
how you doing boy
what
the world's my secret fish
LS
h no
so what is
that on out
what up
[__] easy
easy hey
mister this Roser has a pole yeah
[Music]
for F150 moment okay never
mind that's my boy my dog doesn't like
the volumetric Mist that surrounds us
all yeah you all right there
boy yeah
[Music]
oh no Rod
Rays how is fly not falling off fishes
never fall
off just because they're just because
they're washed ashore doesn't mean fish
are ever
washed fish are evergreen fish are
forever and fish they whisper
[Music]
you that's an
easy help me and I shall help thee now
help a blind man take
this be warned sir do not Slumber too
deeply for the man with no nose is
coming for you all right well I'll have
to take your word for
it I think I should try and sleep as
deeply as possible coming
are you still here what are you waiting
for I can't tell you what you want to
hear
slender [__] Voldemort that shit's
[__] you ever think about how JK ring
kind of looks like
Voldemort actually kind of built like
the gunst cracker of them all
eat a carrot dude
no
Hotel Rono Valley oh
okay we're like North we're like in the
northern
North [__]
hell weed Cottage we got guys we got to
go to weed Cottage [__] am I doing
here we have to go to the [__] weed
Cottage [__] exactly dear
r Wait you have a gun you're guarding
property
outy stupid [__] just calm down
Arthur that's not the correct insult
you're supposed to say why are you being
so sensitive this is white men do not
like when you suggest that they have
emotions yeah
hey see
there is weed Village just one
place oh Cottage
is
D said FL sh tree hugger should get
married and live in the weed carage and
so and so yeah I'm going to sleep in the
weed
Cottage is jaker ran going to find me
now
[Music]
I'm now at my minimum
weight guys we have to make Arthur
fatter Christ what am I even doing with
my
life
yes get fat now [__] Christ already
eat now corn
beef get fatter
now look out JK ring no no no no no
what's over here
stop wasting calories running
around I [__] need him to get fatter
now
[Music]
okay there
boy you can do this
girl okay
then player BD
get out of
here get out of
here I'm not buying it and I don't want
it I said I'm not buying it and I don't
want
it are you dead get lost piss off Go
away You're all bastards bastards
bastards
a man's home is his
castle just minding my own
business go away or I'll kill
you nobody tells me where I can and
can't go you're
dead holy
[__] so many enemies in this so many
people who can become hostile within
seconds in this game and out of everyone
who quick draws the fastest what what
the hell is this guy's
speed why does this guy have like the
Quick Draw
skills the [__] the
[Music]
[__] what the hell
man yeah that guy is the [__] quick
scope champion of the universe
what no he can't lose a little weight
stop [__] saying
that he has
to inent or
[Music]
no y for F 150 4 150 4 150 triple
kill triple kill
you okay boy oh quad kill no no no no no
no up it'll take more than that
boy uh hey there partner
some folks it's all good calm down
where the [__] did my rare fish go
time to go
boy where's the bear
Bel the noisess man took it don't
[__] give me bear pel PTSD again
Mining and coal company huh
you own something yes a horse [__]
[__] doesn't even know what this is I'm
a lot smarter than that person I can
tell when it's a horse
never listen to me it's like talking to
a Goddamn
wall what do you want me to do I don't
want you to work in that mind no more
okay would you rather go back to thi H
you too all right I'm providing for my
family well you can't provide for I'm
not putting on a show for the whole town
is there a man in this town who ain't a
[__] he's just scared good job's hard
to find a good job taking your lungs for
a couple of dollars a week scared her
not he's going to ruin us both that
idiot I love him and I hate him every
day covered and sit coughing half the
night
does he really think Jameson or any of
the others give a damn whether he lives
or
dies well good luck to you
Ma'am good
luck morning morning in
there this must be your first time here
yes I have a good selection of quality
Weaponry in the catalog here and
anything you like I can bring out for
you I'd like a room please the room is
yours for the night it is ready for you
now if you'd like
you won't find better quality
elsewhere we get Bast game
play he needs to get so clean
bath gam play Yay
scrubbing how about letting me take over
here now I'm all right
thanks all right suit yourself darling
finally hello Madam hello
hello yeah his eyes are so hello so
so tired
though oh hello did you remember
something you needed okay now let me see
that's a good
choice we could change any components of
this firearm you don't like the trigger
the hammer the barrel this is an
excellent
weapon how would you feel about a new
stock on this one I could make one for
you you can depend on
this you know a new stock on this could
really improve it
interested yep in fact I just got one
for
wolf sorry I that's I thought that said
Rona I'm [__]
broken now he said
once they closed the saloon here I knew
ansburg future was
Bleak yeah did I'm sorry to hear that
well holy [__] does this look
crazy here did you
go like it's beautiful
wealth is that it for
pistols all the weapons here are
regularly maintained and clean the cold
dust gets on
everything
understandable Ken from the gun
Universe K his gun from the gun
Universe I know so many high quality
items it's hard to
leave sir I'm going to use this to kill
people is that cocaine oh it's
newspapers thanks corner
let's take a look at this thing look at
that so nice
I've never tried the stage C we should
try
it let's take a
ride to a vanord and trading posts why
not doggy come on
[Music]
the Engravings give no tactical
Advantage whatsoever listen there's a
difference between doing something and
doing something with style if you do
something with style it's automatically
better for everyone involved come on
here to the
r puppy
puppy puppy desperate for
attention that was my
trink go to hell you do quit fighting
first oh you think you're real tough too
huh why does everyone to fight Morgan
I meant to say Arthur
but you ain't
much I've decided he's just Morgan
now oh you going to cry now you started
it you want
more you're done you're
done come on now
oh wait that's not my horse that
was it's like what's your problem it's
like oh you're not my
[Music]
horse easy
boy that is not my pupp you need a
brushing you need a little brush brush
you need a little Brushy Brush I'll give
you a little brush you okay boy
there we
go nice little brashy
brush okay let's go Roba
Bank oh no we have to do this
thing
yeah there we
go meow meow meow meow
[Applause]
[Music]
meow okay
I missed the Horseshoe
[Music]
Overlook hello there
[Applause]
also Arthur hasn't started singing in a
while I kind of missed that too
[Music]
That's my boy
easy
W was he just sing for a second
there he heard me you're right they have
him chained up he hasn't recorded these
he's doing this now show up now
MF MF Doom
oh who that's amazing if you say so are
you are you magnific by any chance I'm
not going back she's a witch she's a
witch who
PR arery she cares about you a lot well
I'm the talent it's me it's all me I
share the money with her and you know
that thing no stay away you've made love
to her haven't you she's a succubus
she's a
succubus stay away from me
hey partner come back
here the
hell that really confused
Arthur where are you running
off
this you got the wrong end of
this where did he go hey will you talk
I'm going in alone
you're starting to
irritate what the hell you pulling here
you're here I'm going to find
you that's a neat
trick yeah very
[Music]
clever it's steak dinners and come that
on now where you gone magnifico can't
magic out of this
partner come on now she ain't as bad as
all
that over here
dummy where in the
tree a you led me on a Merry Old Dance
come on down now lady said you had a
contract you want me come and get
me hey hold on
there long dummy
[Applause]
where are
you you
really too bad about that
train we gone
[Music]
damn
it oh no no no
no
I put me down I ain't back I'm gone on
the next train to the great white way
really you got enough our ticket because
the way big Fanny tells it you spent all
of our Takens on a case of the French
pups maybe I did so what would you need
a stum of a showman for same bad jokes
the same cheap tricks in a package half
the size you got Bertram you got dummy
over there who is dummy anyway The
Missing
Link shut up you D it you sold me out
you should watch your mouth you don't
need me you're better off without me
even you dummy go on clear off and came
for the top all of you I'm out of food
and I'm out of ideas leave me for the
Bears I won't be more than a mouthful
you robbed me you robed your brother so
you are going to be pulling rabbits out
of your ass until you are as old as you
are tiny put them up there a some
friends some friends we ain't
friends we're family as much as it pains
me to say it family still after
everything of course you silly little
man and him let him at the bar fre to
help ah sleeping rough don't suit me
much I know come to
Mama oh I did miss you MH now don't you
ever run off on us like that again back
together back together I'm glad it all
worked out thanks to you thank him boys
thank you uh thanks for nothing dummy no
get in the back we ought to give you a
piece of the gate on our next show you
earned it we'll be playing sandon next
check with the box office
p no one said anything about splitting a
gate oh shut up half man and half WT bye
behind what I done to deserve you too is
this a happy
ending what did I just
do doggy you're the only good person in
this universe who the [__] are you
what where did you come
from I am really far away sorry um what
the
hell I didn't want that okay well
who and why it's a
Shad for his holding down the fort yeah
Dy said hello Shad
Shad
uh we can just go back to the stage
coach I felt like but sh set Bellow
oh Bellow
I guess we're going all the way
here
actually I might take a look at that
fence goodbye horse that I have no idea
where the [__] you came
from whoa easy
why yeah dude easy
dude what is
happening I
[Music]
um all right let's go to the Sable I
suppose come
on oh my God it's the real 328
[Music]
there
boy okay
there what are
[Music]
you easy girl you're okay
yeah
here does that have my
saddle no it doesn't
okay
fell easy
easy hey
Parker hey
mister
here yeah
why are you riding ahead of
me hey
[Music]
easy hey how you doing you're
fine
yeah come
on you're a good boy yep
[Music]
right about time I
think hello
[Music]
what you got all worked up for nothing I
have a
voice listen
ignore me at your peril at your peril I
say you'll be poor and I'll be rich and
so will those of you with the wisdom to
pay attention to learn from the
bast wait
come out what's this A
B
are yep yep yep yep
yeah let's
get
ah you ain't feeding this horse ride
I'm all out of
space that's a
nice take care of that come back and see
Mis hold
on this horse got worms or something
damn it's skinny I'm all out of
space this is the one we just found
right
or is it this one that was this one
yell let's get them switched out
then good Saddles is almost as important
as a good
horse bet you won't get saddle sores
from this
one shet shets walnuts always good to
have one of those
walnuts adding on to a saddle helps
personalize it
hey it costs more for a
reason that's a nice addition on a
SAT all right
then
mhm so
uh horse
name daddy
said
okay so this is my horse turn me Albert
FL
it so this is my horse FL it
nope this is my horse Ser me Albert it
nope this is my horse Ser me Albert
FL nope this is my horse sir meber daddy
said this is your
[Music]
horse working with animals is better
than working with people
sometimes it's all yours
that's a good sh set blown
it bad girl
hello let's take let's take sir mebert
out on a
ride she's even it's
n this is Sir mebert you can't just name
my horse
that's daddy said
canut can it's what name be
rut come on now nickname it's nickname
no this is Sir
mebert that's her name good evening sir
there girl
easy
girl this a Ser
Albert she followed me
here guys everyone's mad at me for Ser
me you're okay bro yeah you're okay
girl yeah
[Music]
there we
[Applause]
[Music]
go oh s about it up who help somebody B
please help me oh hey you please you got
to help
me some fell BR to our place I got away
but they got my wife please Mister you
got to do something all right where is
she it's a sack there in the swamp by
the
water okay go on see if you can find the
law I'll do what I
can I go about finding more help
help somebody
help I got my shotgun
[Applause]
all
right oh [__] who
easy sir mber dies first day on the job
feel
like me I rather die and look at you for
one more second oh you going to hurt my
fear the hell
[Music]
I your
bastard oh please please please untie me
no sorry I weren't here
sooner thank the Lord you showed up when
you dead
you saved my
Anor Christ what a mess yeah sorry about
that would you please get them out of
here I can't stand or touch them and I
don't want them riding indoors
this place is filled with so many
wonders
no I need
you to go all the way out
see now float
away I guess that's correct
just one
more
mhm go away now
there's some money I put away in the
sack there it ain't enough but please
take
it oh thank you again you my garden
angel appreciate it
good luck to you you're all right now
ma'am it's
over let's hope my hor is found another
Guardian Angel like
you thank you
come
on come
on so where was I
going to the bank to the bank to the
bank bank bank right going to the bank
[Music]
y
yeah Chad said look out it's the
police y there they
go yeah good girl
what's
happening easy
girl who and
why oh my
god
[Music]
rubert dad he said hello r
the Rings part n said this is a
certified Locust
classic sure if you
want yeah you're all right
here
yay
yay okay
girl he
[Music]
well how you
now all right time to find out if we can
rob the bank
girl hey we're watching you don't be
starting nothing here
again wouldn't
too I ain't as bad as you made out there
bad they worse than worse you always was
one for gossip je throw Mingle for
gossip gossip gossip but as usual you're
spreading love Li every fool knows the
chers were trumped up but the [__]
killed a white man Jimmy haker had a
weak heart he died of a heart attack
nonsense and Samson black was set up
everyone knows judge Amry took a BRI you
don't believe that do you sure you call
me a
gossip
anyway how's your time he's fine just
fine
Mar taking money from some Road agents
they got caught cuz they robbed one of
them bastard Sons shot the poor boy
where's the last
poster
this well ain't you a prize idiot
you mind your business I'll mind
mine
no
go how do you
do the
rubing n said I know I was in here for
literally 2 seconds but I have to go now
moai okay
bye sh sh H by
flow
said I know you're not puppy but come
here can I take you somewhere
Mister no
take me to money
town and give me it all o y y come on
now no no no
sacks come
on yeah
ID
up hey friend hello how was it in town
pretty hot there's quite a price on you
boys it is so unfair I I didn't do
nothing well they said you was wanted
for murder it wasn't murder it was
self-defense and you killed a farmer
firstly I would have but he died before
I couldn't secondly well he had it
coming he I don't lie to
say well
ain't no business of
mine here's the
posters thanks
partner that's that then that's that
free at last free from you at least well
not quite do I not get any
money all right let's drop the bank
I still don't know if this is actually
going to
work easy
there now now
well
okay I want
you in need of a transport
sir easy
girl so no
bank now where we're going
I guess we'll just go back
[Music]
here there we go
all right girl you're fine
I heard one of
D
bother if you get
my don't surprise me I thought I
recognized you hello again hello
again
[__] okay safe travels you [__]
travel you [__] travel you [__]
travel
[Music]
m
sir let's go girl how
than
hello sir what are you doing hello sir
meow
what are
you no sir
meber R
[Music]
nope yes
nope yes War nope
yes hey moving yes yes watch
yourself a very good morning to you beg
your
pardon good morning sir
morning hey
there come
on morning
partner sir
mebert I'm going to [__]
myself no no no no
be
kind be so gentle be so
kind sh say
is it gentle is it
Kings is it
Kings said normal be so
quiet be so normal be so
quiet you're all right
girl good morning to you
you
okay Ser
me and not
another shut up French how's everything
with you not good at all look who ID
just right I think seeing a ghost has
been so long everyone's a liar at this T
what can I do for you
Noel
whiskey hey this will give you some
pep some pep what are you looking
at nice to see another fell in here who
ain't born with a silver spoon in his
mouth another don't know why I still
come in here to be honest maybe because
I can I I'll never be one of those
people but you know sometimes we all
like to kid ourselves maybe we're better
than we ain't not that any of these
fancy fools are any better I I don't
know I'm sorry Mister maybe I had a
couple too
[Music]
many Dy said they need burger and up
pepper soon excuse me
[Music]
partner oh I want Prime red the prime
rib please
[Music]
we need to make him fatter yes yes
yes not bad
huh yes yes
yes the longer you play the more people
land keep if you get
[Music]
me this is getting away from it all
anything
right yeah batra reference
[Music]
there we
go I'll leave by
example putting in the
lock looking to make quite the
impression I like to see don't let up
can't trust anyone else to do it right
right show them the mayor has been
committing so many
crimes all
in you're bluffing I can smell it a mile
off I guess I better go over here not
too bad H uh yes that's it I saw is
going to be last night
good I see oh
oh oh okay
[__]
yes oh
yeah I should have eaten new today would
be a good one thank
[Music]
you I I was not expecting a [__]
straight first first
try God damn it I'm out until next
time sh set a straight I know I know
this is finally getting
fun everyone's a liar at this table
that's no
lie
here Saints
abide huh
I'm told the Savages are giving
businesses a
terrible yes
[Music]
inde
yeah now don't get too
worried everything's more expensive
let's see what happens huh I may have to
double the cost wish just to keep up
with the my guess is you're
bluffing woo real
good
okay everybody's a liar at this table
everyone [__] loses except for don't
get all fancy now it's just a
game
the was hit back to R
it's happened before placing
this I reckon you're sitting on
something
big well
well uh how about there all right let's
see you I'll
call the mayor has been committing so
many crimes
not the first time that's happened
unfortunately wooho sorry a real was out
over
here don't believe
it boy that's how you knew it I would
have won he had
nothing I had one pair with that I think
he had nothing I'm with high damn it Dr
a bone okay
bye that's the one I
got thanks Mis how yall doing find out
how long I've been here
morning better did I have two PA I only
had
one howy sir
did you see those at
the let's go talk to say ah let's get a
haircut
actually but he pal is a little scruffle
do he's a little scruffle do you know
what I
mean ah keeping the soap sellers in
business with all that hair huh good
morning M okay so what will it be today
he doesn't look so
good I say you look ready for a portrait
now now that isn't half bad huh
all right you're ready to
go does he need like sleep or
something
thanks hello cat that's go girl hello
sir M
malber sorry
girl
not no it's n
get
fatter
now wait
where
what oh
no what's the r what are you all
right what happened what
what is
this mister are you
okay mister are you
okay are you okay
[Music]
mister mister you don't look so
good let's get you to a
doctor where me Albert
come on it's not far just down the
street here not it's but
okay give me a
minute give me a
minute no I'll be fine in a minute
no be no no no I'm
fine nearly there just around this
corner
hey you head in there friend go
on but
Healthcare can I help
you I Need a
Doctor oh just one second
sir come in pal come in
don't do this to my
arur don't do this to my
boy Mis I need some help and so it seems
and that's doctor mister to
you I'm sorry I was
joking look friend I don't mean nothing
but you got
money I mean before I start treating you
cuz I got a family I understand here let
do uh sure thank you now what's wrong I
mean what appear to be the symptoms well
I think you've heard them and I'm
coughing is there any blood sometimes uh
okay now here
breathe again Chad said sorry Mr Morgan
but your inurance flame husband let me
see your tongue I say ah Ah that's what
Luigi's for
insurance that's what Luigi's for
what is it it's not good news I guess
that you got
tuberculosis really sorry for you son
it's a hell of a
thing what you mean you're real sick you
it's a progressive disease and you'll be
now the best thing is rest and getting
somewhere warm and dry and taking it
easy now is that possible sure I can
just take my Winters in my country club
in California hello the worst part is
happening it's not possible oh the worst
part is happening okay well that's
fine like I said uh I'm real sorry yeah
well yeah wait wait
uh let me get you a little bit more
energy today
[Music]
[Applause]
I hate
this why bro why
[Music]
we can't change what's done we can only
move
[Music]
on you have it in I can
tell he didn't have a choice he was good
and he did
[Music]
good I'm I understand if you don't want
to help me but but I think of you
[Music]
often dog
he doesn't die from this
right diagnosed with a disase
immediately chases ad do
let's
go let's go to a cigar place the moment
this
happen any problems coming in nah guess
they know now we ain't in the city who
Mr Milton's friends yeah they've had
patrols out ever since you boys
disappeared
well at least you're alive for now
yeah what happened in gu
yeah nothing
nice what happened to Dutch cuz he seems
I don't know seems as what began
happening in Blackwater began happening
years ago
maybe slow decline I guess what do you
mean I ain't quite sure
what happened here I started Gathering
people up as best I could after you boys
left and John you know that part I do
and Hosea so that too oh we got Lenny's
body out as well red the morg and buried
them
together follow me
so what's your plan here well I figure
before we do anything we need to make
sure John's even still at this prison
and how do we do that we need to get up
high enough to get a proper look at the
place what it's on an island ain't it
unless you're planning on learning how
how to fly that's exactly what we're
going to do I found as a hot air balloon
you ain't serious now the pilot or
whatever you call him he thinks we're
just in it for a lesson bit of a
tour he's quite the character I think
you'll like him you
know I'm impressed you really stemed
things up ain't you hey we didn't know
if you was even coming back back whole
thing hit folks real hard you can see it
Ken's gone falling fully into the bottle
Strauss is a bag of nerves Swanson well
Swanson's actually gone and cleaned up
his act so I guess it ain't all gone to
[__] I'm just happy you boys were able
to find us jaier said he got the letter
I left at the post office that was a
good idea until the Pinkerton showed up
up oh by the way I've been hunting
O'Driscoll boys oh she a beauty ain't
she from here on the ground
yes Mr
Bullard Mr bll ah Mrs Adler it's good to
see you good to see you ah this is my
friend I told you about Mr borgan ah yes
a tal Bullet at your service sir At Your
Service Arthur Morgan well it's a nice
fresh day for flying sir a day like
today an icas would have made it across
the sea have you ever flown before sir
no oh it's quite a thing quite a thing
now put these on and hop in BO is she
coming ah oh women can't fly sir are you
insane they can't oh no sir does
terrible damage to them to their Vapors
I thought everyone knew about that why a
delicate flower like Mrs Adler
love
over where'd you find this guy I told
you you two would get
on are you sure about this certain yeah
the most delicate flower of all time sad
Adler known for being extremely
delicate and
not genocide sir quite certain mes let
us away wish us luck I've only crashed
twice pull on that rope and hope for the
best you boys have
fun how did you get out of this up up in
[Music]
way right time to catch a few Vapors of
our own it's a little overcast but I'm
expecting some good wind once we're high
enough we should still have some decent
views on the
river now one hates to be coar but on
the object of Evolutions liquids over
the side solids do your utmost to Levy
the situation until we
land okay Mr Bard I had a client once
who fell foul to a rotten oyster on the
assent a decidedly harrowing experience
for all
involved keep going sir we need to get
up above the clouds oh good it really is
stunning up there you'll have seen
nothing like
it
um all right then let's break through
these
clouds
yeah
oh my God yes Heavenly indeed quite
remarkable isn't it feels like have a
nice Westerly wind so keep her around
this
height this particular vessel is
state-ofthe-art
Sir imported from Europe won't find more
than a couple of these on this side of
pond so long as it
works you sure you shouldn't be doing
this oh not at all a child could operate
this with a little supervision
besides Mrs Adler told me you were very
keen to learn the ropes we have plenty
of those she did didn't
she author and 's going on their first
date so true my mother was a keen
student of the Italian eight my brother
no no no noio so you could say I got off
lighting look I'm trying to concentrate
[Music]
here
don't
said ABAB
Ah that's better look we can see from
miles
now did you breakfast in the city this
morning Mr Morgan not exactly well I
have a leg in my pocket here that you're
very welc here I think I'm all right
thank you yeah recalling the Blu
discussion well just say the
word so if I may ask what got you
interested in the pursuit of
Aviation I didn't exactly Mrs adner
thought she'd surprised crysalis said
can hear the Kenneth in the sky no
shrinking viot definitely not I prefer
slightly more feminine attire on a lady
but variety is the very spice of life as
they say or is it though did you know
they locked up the man who wrote that in
the mental Asylum I did not Mr
Bard okay we're getting a little high
now see that building up ahead on the
island that's the infamous CIS
pinentry we shouldn't fly too near to it
though sir sorry we're going in for a
closer look Cales said what me take that
guy's life I might Mr Morgan please this
is most irregular well you want a happy
customer don't you look this isn't funny
now on Earth are you doing the gods are
bound to spot us calm down they won't
care if we stay high enough I'm just
looking for a friend of mine a friend
poor bastard has a habit of being in the
wrong place at the wrong time I heard
they got them work in the fields in the
Chain Gang Dear God
[Music]
H the wind well this is most unusual
relax Mr
Bullard take over and keep us well away
I'll do my best this Philly isn't the
easiest to
control NOP not
there we look a little s suspicious
wouldn't you say that's not
him that could be
him yeah that's
him my God what are you doing they're
shooting at us I can see that asend
asend this is absolutely insane
where where where where who Am I who am
I where where where speed is picking up
we should stay at this altitudes heading
northwesterly so that should take us
back to
land de God I'm shaking like a
leaf all right we're in the clear now Mr
Bullard get up good Lord my heart is
pounding I must say say the specifics of
this job were not described to me at all
as fishing well it's done
[Applause]
now ah there's
annesburg sure good Lord is that is that
Mrs
Adler where being chased
uhhuh she's up to it try and get us
near will there be more trouble sir I
expect
so I'm starting to rather enjoy
this
hey he up here you're just in time
hell
yeah there
Dr Mrs abber has a lot to answer for yes
she
does what a
day all right kill the bastard
[Music]
messing with the right
now got a
hit yeah that boiled egg feels decidedly
scrambled
[Music]
let's finish this
bastard run out deal with
[Music]
him sa I in
gear yes you
[Music]
are
oh
sh grab the Rope come on grab the
Rope
set dam look out there's a bridge up
ahead okay I'll come down and get you on
the other
side you got a hole in your damn skull
yet lower I can't reach
it [__] lower
Arthur all right hold it there
AR let's get out of here oh we almost
left her behind
oh Arthur
hurry I can't hold on much
[Music]
longer I think we're going to crash you
have a real habit of seeing the obious
Arthur hold
on wow that music was awesome you hak
your neck I don't think
so
maybe damn it look there's more of them
on the other side they must have
followed us get behind something this
ain't over
yet these godam
oh Cals just kill these sons of
[Music]
B this
who is
that look out more coming in behind
us s
[Music]
face she never be trans we got more
coming
out
for how many of you does it take huh
going to pay for what you did think
of your
[Music]
for come on let's move up and finish
these
[Music]
bastards nearly there only a few of them
left
[Music]
look at those cowards yeah you run had
nothing it
up looks like we made it that'll show
[Music]
them the hell is is wrong with you I
only left you an hour ago you can't stay
out of trouble for one goddamn hour you
got that poor Bast killed for his
troubles I kind of liked him they got
comb the government they got Com or
Drisco they're going to hang him in sand
D hanging okay mm- he's already been
tried twice for murder and found guilty
sure no doubt he'll escape again no he
won't cuz we're going to make sure of
it we have our own problems with the law
in case you ain't know notic Dutch will
want to see him swing sure Dutch he
wouldn't even help us with marer and our
situation is really messed up right now
you know how things is bastard's going
to swing I'm going to make sure of it
closely followed by Master you saw him
yes in the
fields okay then we go rescue
him from a State Penitentiary no but
from the fields yes this that we can
manage it's well guarded guarded sure
but not behind
bars no it's not behind bars so that's
how we'll do it bust him from his work
detail I
guess it's best just the two of us
go the two of us is all there is anyhow
good because two is all we'll need I'll
get us a boat a little one and we'll
sneak in and get him out of there meet
me a copperhead Landon thank you Arthur
whatever you say boss I heard
that she's still the
best see how see how how how gentle she
is balloon guy di it's like one less
misogynist in the world
why now why would I be in danger here
huh chat sent on image
fer you sent many
images chales said what oh my God sh sh
CS now he said CAD CAD it's ceny
ceny that's
awesome I'm going to I'm going
to when you do these I'll I'll mod them
into my
batro Calis said why is RO The Joker
Lings why is R The Joker Lings how do I
get
back where do I meet
sad where where do I meet
sad I guess I'll just go back here
is
[Music]
hey you're okay
girl there girl
[Music]
he's
W yeah
[Music]
how many physical instruments were
implemented into the album so I have a
lot of like newer guitars now that
weren't used in the album for the album
it was literally just some ianz Geo base
and then um just
a a squire
Stratocaster uh HSS I
think but now I've been using um
I have a fender made in Japan floral
Strat I've been using
and
ianz the Q headless series thing maybe I
can show this really
quickly
we I have no idea how this will come
across on
camera uh
the main one I've been using is a floral
strap
thing it is
a looks like this
one and
this I mean the Strat is my favorite
form factor it's very comfortable and
stuff uh Maple fingerboard
is what I prefer to play with I
think
uh on the topic of the maple fretboard I
have just the just a standard like
butterscotch
Telecaster
uh and I need that for my country
album uh I need to get this thing set up
properly but I have this
Fender Mustang
base for
fun it doesn't work very well right now
I need to get it serviced
but
eventually um I have
this what is this the fender
Jaguar this one oh hi cre
CL haven't been using this one too much
I've been thinking of using the Jaguar
as my like really [__] up tuning
one and then the one that's probably
going to be the easiest to show on
camera cuz it's so
small
is this IEX Q I think q54
series
headless tuning pegs are down
there so I gave them all names as
well
uh let me see have if I have the
uh let me see if I have the the name
photo okay yeah let me see something
quickly Fuller photos here hold
on
uh okay
so there's daybreaker Applejack and
wolf for these ones what are you doing
that for
yeah day bre
Hello daybreaker Apple Jack and
wolf Applejack has to
be Applejack has to be
that and then
uh Chad said can you call your next
guitar phet I'm not going to do that
there's scoot cuz this is the he said
yes please because this is the guitar I
wrote cutie marks
with
Rarity
sludge and
then twinkle penumbra Orchard and
seaband
nice and then of course after this photo
I got the the ivanz headless which is
the one featured
in the one featured in this song
so obviously I had to name this one cany
so this one's named
cany I might have a photo of a full
photo of this
one let's
see yeah here you go
for image of
that so it is the candy it is the candy
guitar I'm looking into maybe getting an
Eastwood 12 string 12 string for uh for
promise complex stuff I need my hat back
on there we
[Music]
[Applause]
go I'm still not even good at playing
guitar either
but having guitars you like makes you
want to write with them more
so
yeah and even though I have a bunch of
them I really just reach for the either
the the floral
one or the
uh I I reach for daybreaker or cany I
don't really use the other ones too
much let me go you sh son of a [__]
this is a f Affair so get out of here
you stop riding now or you'll be sorry
you need saveing you
ain't see
you
oh no no
[Applause]
[Music]
no sh sh the horse that get away keep
sniffing this thing's ass come
[Music]
on unless you want something else you
want time me
now took your damn
time rotten Pig [__] never did no
right by me not since I was six well
glad you're feeling so good about all
this hey he brought this on his damn
self Wen my fault is bring got an by
damn
demons
okay goodbye
now godamn Hill
Billy
Arthur you are one to talk but all right
right
sorry
uh what am I doing
okay
yeah yeah good
[Music]
girl yeah we're 2 hours
30 we've got some time before OBS breaks
all right
girl this is both a new horse and the
horse that's
[Music]
trans wait where are we
going H we we just going
[Music]
back you're all right here this is my
horse uh sir mebert
[Applause]
[Music]
there set it's prer n
is no it's it's
not it's name is her name is Ser me
Albert but that's all right
[Music]
you're fine girl you're
fine that's a good
girl there we
go
[Music]
yeah so when does the like Arthur
sickness come into play cuz I don't feel
any difference right
now good girl
[Music]
did you say something wind's making it
hard it's only temporary this all be
sorted out soon I
promise I just need a quick word
please the whole Saloon overrun with
rats I'm losing business left and right
I need to get someone to get rid of them
from me I'll pay very well I just need
it
done sorry Mister got my own rodents to
deal with Jesus why anyone help me fatty
get out of
there wa Daddy Dad said what
what no they said rats not
bats Calis said well I heard that so now
it's
true Mr
or you're not a stranger hello sister
brother dorin and I were talking about
you just the other day and hoping we
would see you again how is brother
always quite well a little frustrated
with the workings of our order he keeps
trying to be sent overseas you know do
something with more challenge maybe uh
be a missionary he's a lovely man sure
and how are you never better are you
sure I'm quite sure sister you know a
long time ago I was like you I very much
doubt that no I Terrible Things awful
things and I could not stop doing
terrible things because I did not
believe that goodness existed and then
one day I saw that love did exist and
ever since then doing bad things became
well not impossible but
ridiculous I guess I'm just hoping for a
a dignified exit I shall pray for you oh
I'm not a religious man
sister I'm an
Outlaw what fun religion is just a
word hearts are rarely pure but equally
they are rarely impure either well
that's an interesting way of putting it
to
me God is people and people are God so
we must all do what we
can these people are starving go find
them some food don't worry so much about
your heart the actions will lead and the
Heart
follows I'll still think of you in very
nasty terms as you
wish I
am all you know what sister I've got
some money on me right now now you can
buy some food with this oh you're so
wonderful Mr Morgan now that ain't true
I meant wonderful but so very
frightening
exactly she's so
awesome consider your good deed done for
the day I won't subject you to any more
benevolence sister eel makes a fabulous
just you they will be so
happy interesting that her character and
the characters that sort of surround her
are like kind of very
real can we get to uh
what are you doing to me nothing I'm
riding my horse remember
Galaxy
Square nice to have you back friend here
out you ever played this before friend
oh what do you
have can I get a whiskey are you looking
to have some fun it's a good
whiskey you ain't from around here guess
but I can assure you I am look around
this place trying to work out who's
really rich and who's just here trying
to fix themselves to the rich like those
fish who ride around on Turtles cleaning
their backs all FCO no nickers my mother
used to say she was English may she rest
in peace hello well
anyway do you want to have a good time
oh hello again sir how are things you
look little uh unwell I think just a
cough too serious well that's good news
let me know what I can get
you give me the lobster mm fresh Lobster
B most of them graay the tobacco family
are dead including the sheriff yes
indeed good me I hope howdy big
[Music]
boy this here is a real man's
gang you all on your
Lon why does everyone have to harass
[Music]
me all
right where's the bedroom I want to go
to sleep I can help you really
[Music]
no
pretend subject
matter D said what I'm baddy I'm baddy
I'm baddy I'm baddy I'm baddy me oh
okay my
bad
as no no no yeah
you haven't it let's just say I wish I
lived in simp times I trust everything
is well take your time take your
time can I get a room please okay room
is all set just head upstairs when
you're ready
true oh
well yes indeed my apologies you should
be Barry Friday then you have the fish
not even I'm
daddy hello darl excuse me you want to
have some fun I'm hoping to make enough
money to learn how to
read I'm bad
here
no yes
I'm
bad
emoi let me sleep I am a gra a sniff
sniff
sniff I crowed I am the cry cry Baba
sniff sniff sniff
I am very not you okay not y
okay it's spend the
crya poor arur
who's the row you look like you need to
let off some steam
no I'm not a
car where is Tom
chese can somebody horse with him for me
please For the Love of All That is
Holy please can you keep it
down care to have some fun stop asking
me
that' I find another man
ma' what are you looking at
Cowboy well I ain't too
sure well that's a feeling I imagine
you're just too familiar with hm darling
now sho
please I'm waiting for someone
interesting to turn
[Music]
up
Sal I'm
interesting I'm mistake what does a
dried up old hag have to do to get drunk
around
here it's a bar you Ain
nobody
hey not even good it's
fine thank you really no complains for
me come on Arthur you need to get fatter
itner it really is a Lincoln bio
situation
guess I'll go back
here aren there more
games easy
girl you see this here don't think the
grave you ought to have you you spend
all day on that one huh hey you de
mister
how do you
do will you
move how are you I hate you how are you
I hate you y'all see this y'all see this
I need to add that to the
soundboard you
do no do that when stream's over you're
doing good girl stop
quacking stop quacking stop it stop
[Music]
it said be so quiet be so
quiet
yeah good
girl we need to get sir meber first who
and
why good good meing Galaxy
squ be so
[Music]
quieta B
yes I I can I can see
that all right
girles said
e
e settle down
ales said
t said no do
it we don't do
it sh said
get Calis said s d said
no gy
said Cales said e
what are any of you
saying oh
B sure sure yeah yeah yeah
yeah get several
bullets why what did you all think I was
going to say to
F5 white to G3 Knight to
F6 you okay
there working it all out thought you
were going and for all
Arthur what now we're back C say here i
w u d never that's a never that's that's
enough never that's
enough no
more Chad said it's a seen
flow and I am contemplating the great
journey of the Sun and considering a
famous chess move those oil enactors of
a mediocre Justice the Pinkerton and
their benefactor the depressing
millionaire Leviticus Cornwall they want
us Arthur they want us and they are
going to have us maybe they ain't the
problem meaning I don't know it's just
just well I can't help but feel we would
have been better running off someplace
else but the the game ain't over Arthur
I mean I a I ain't played my my final
move but I guess I'm more interested in
saving lives than winning a chest maybe
life ain't such a thing to cling on to
so tightly no doubt what about the women
you sound like
josea I
miss I asked you a question
what do you think we can't stay here
that much is obvious where are we going
to run to I mean they chased us from the
West they chased us over the mountains
they ran us into the sea right
sir do you have my
back always Dutch but there's more than
your back to worry about we need more
money we've been on the run for months
now and I seen you killing folk In Cold
Blood like you always told me not to and
I'm sorry but I can't help but think
that if we Bar's country in r Oak Ridge
past butcher Creek I believe we could
hold okay you and Charles you take Folks
up that away
Micah and I need to do some
reconnaissance I ain't got a final plan
yet Arthur I ain't got
it I just need
time I need time and no traitors
okay
Charles be right with me
always where we headed up past butcher
Creek blue
country that's why I'm asking you to
ride with
me I
understand what are we doing there
looking for a place to hold up even the
law won't follow us up there too
willingly yeah I did some scouting up
there while your boys were away and
we'll
see not going to lie I think I have
seen I know the way follow me
yep can you guys stop standing inside it
Mount up then it's a fair ride from
here we need to get this done
fastens will have reinforced and another
day or two yeah the sooner we get out of
here the
better
Charles oh Charles it's time
we were leaving
[Music]
now where is he where is
he so up
now what manner of activity is
this yeah
okay um
57 was oh my God
what um
[Music]
what do I do
here
[Music]
yeah galaxy squid said swamp
sure sh said charotte was
abandoned yeah Charlie in his choco
Factory
Charles be right with me always
where are we headed up past butcher
Creek it's Nory brute
country that's why I'm asking you to
ride with
me takes the shotgun and dyn in
s what are we doing there we're looking
for a place to hold up even the law
won't follow us up there too willingly
yeah I did some scouting up there while
your boys were away
and we'll
see I know the way follow
me come on the girl we need to get this
done fast the Pinkerton will have
reinforced in another day or two yeah
the sooner we get out of here the
better it's okay quite ride up there I
saw some canoes near the bridge up river
which would take us right up to butcher
Creek might be quicker what do you
think I say we just ride it it ain't
worth messing around with boats okay
sure it's good to see you again Charles
you too thanks for what you did and sand
real Brave drawing them office like that
I was worried you and Abigail both got
yourselves killed I found a spot to lie
low for a while then managed to get a
ride with a wagon of workers heading out
to the fields Abigail said she somehow
managed to slip away when they grabbed
isah you did good getting the others out
of there keeping everyone together
everybody was pretty shaken up when I
got back to Shady Bell ah it was a tough
few days I couldn't have done it without
sad so how did you find that spot back
there I assume the skulls on sticks
weren't an addition of yours huh old
Strauss knew about it the locals are
terrified of the place so we figured
that might buy us some time and it did
until one of you brought the law with
you and where did you end up again
Cuba oh not exactly an island off of
there called wara landed ourselves in a
heap of trouble really a tropical island
isn't that just what Dutch wanted
uh I guess it didn't exactly live up to
his
ideals anyway I ain't always sure Dutch
knows what he wants anymore perhaps not
but he's always managed to figure things
out in the past I know he you're right
just it's been uh guess I just miss
Hosea and his uh wisdom you know of
[Music]
course these days a
short there's the
bridge there's the
bridge and what a bridge it was
[Music]
wow truly
stunning a bridge for the
agents that bridge was prosperous rather
than
ruinous thank you Tony
Banks oh this
Place
yeah it's not much further now so I
spent some time up this way while you
were gone I ran into rainall and eagle
flies the Indians and I've been trying
to help out a bit where I can at the
reservation things are bad there well
that's not a
surprise they seem to be in a lot of
trouble heading